[Music]
every man has a dream every man has a
fantasy every man has an image of the
perfect woman when are you gonna get it
what are you talking about it never
occurred to you the picking girls solely
on their looks may not be the best way
to go about it
but one man is about to get a whole new
perspective how Larson I'm gonna do you
a great favor really this moment
whenever you meet someone in the future
only gonna see the inner beauty
this fall I gave you the ability to see
the inner beauty for heart or soul he
hypnotized you you're saying that all
the pretty girls I've met lately aren't
really pretty
how Larson is dating a vision only he
can see oh there she is there's rosemary
where right there she behind the Rhino
one of the Century Fox presents have you
ever heard the phrase that beauty is in
the eye of the beholder have you heard
the song who let the dogs out
women paltrow Oh Jack Black you okay
brain freeze Jason Alexander you had me
get lost in the comedy of gigantic
proportions
[Applause]
[Music]